What Tao Yu?
Sister, how can you Tao Yu?
Tao Yu is a felony
The death penalty
Go, I'll take you to surrender
I don't bother you about this matter, sister.
Did Tao Yu come back?
Your dad can call and ask Liang Chengzhu to cut
My dad is out on business
Now I'm in charge
I didn't even know you went out
How could my dad possibly know?
Liang Gongzi, right?
I suggest you call and ask your father
Don't let anything happen then.
It's hard to explain to your dad
elder sister
Liang Gongzi said
The city lord has been on a business trip recently
I don't have time to mind your business
I advise you
Turn yourself in with me
Can save your life
Mo Yanxue, your sister is all for your own good.
You still don't thank him
Go with him again
At least no one else can know
Luo Xuemei is my illegitimate daughter
And Promise Snow is not my newborn daughter
Mom, why do you always talk to Luo Xuemei?
Who is your biological daughter?
How are you talking to me?
Mom, it's for your own good too.
You can turn yourself in and get leniency
Sister, I know you have been living outside these years
No one to discipline
Did you spend another five years in prison after coming out?
I don't know the etiquette
But you can't talk to mom like that either.
Zhao Xunmei, you are really green tea
Okay. You guys don't call, do you?
Ok I will call
I'll ask City Lord Liang
Is he a fugitive?
Hello
What are you?
How could I have my dad's phone number?
God Emperor is not good
The Emperor is in danger
That is.
I suspect this fugitive is calling his accomplice
Quickly try this fugitive